docs: Add new "Keep Caddy Running" page, moved from install.md (#181)
caddyserver/website: src/docs/markdown/install.md

[**View the Cloudsmith repos**](https://cloudsmith.io/~caddy/repos/)

> If you wish to use the packaged support files (systemd services, bash completion and default configuration) with a custom Caddy build, instructions can be [found here](https://caddyserver.com/docs/build#package-support-files-for-custom-builds-for-debian-ubuntu-raspbian).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you wish to use the packaged support files (systemd services, bash completion and default configuration) with a custom Caddy build, instructions can be [found here](https://caddyserver.com/docs/build#package-support-files-for-custom-builds-for-debianubunturaspbian).
```
